Nick Rejda

https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=%22gis%20Developer%22&explvl=mid_level&vjk=6897eea550d15e58&advn=9484517873881385

Email Request:
    Hello Professor Smith,
    
    My name is Nicholas Rejda and recently graduated from Texas A&M. I had you for several of my upper level courses and established a relationship with you; as such I was wondering if you would write me a letter of recommendation for a job I am interested in. The job is with a small business called Land IQ in Sacramento, California as a GIS Developer. The responsibilities of this job include working with other geoscientists to develop or modify geospatial applications to help solve environmental problems and also working well as a team. As you know, I am good at working with others and also solving problems in the heat of the moment. The qualifications for this job is a bachelor's degree in GIST with a strong background in programming languages such as Python and JavaScript along with databases such SQL Server. I meet these qualifications because I have my bachelors degree and have experience working with several programming languages. I know that it has been some time since I was a student in your lectures; however I hope that it has stuck with you that I pride myself on hard work and integrity. I know that my education at Texas A&M has prepared me for the future, and I would appreciate it if you could help me reach my goals.
    
    Nicholas Rejda
    
Example Letter:
    To whom it may concern, 
    
    I am writing this letter to recommend Nicholas Rejda, recent graduate of Texas A&M University, for the job listed GIS Developer at Land IQ. Even though Nicholas may not have all of the experience of other applicants, I can vouch for the fact that his work ethic and adaptability put him on par with any other candidate. As a student, Nick was constantly challenged by me and the rest of the staff to go above and beyond on his assignments and to truly be passionate about his work. Looking back upon his resume, you can see that he meets the qualifications for the position and he also has earned minors in Information Technology and Cybersecurity, valuable skills that will help him in this position. In closing, I know that Nick is prepared for the position. With Nick, you get a solid and consistent employee who will get the job done.
    
    Regards,
    Professor John Smith
